Eye distance :0.25
Eye height: 0.06
A cast or squint in the eye can
be a sign of moral depravity.
Nostril width: 0.21
Nose length: 0.4
Amongst the different races of
the earth, the length of the
nose is in exact ratio to the
mental capacity. Long nose: In
the Mongolian, the nose is a
little longer, and in the
Caucasian it is at its
longest.Broad nostriled nose:
Clear perception, power of
concentration, logic and reason.
Quick decision in thought and
action, and frequently rapid and
fluent speech. This is the nose
of the philosopher, the deep
thinker, the mathematician, the
originator. It expresses breadth
in thought and action,
geniality, a love of the
practical rather than the ideal.
Mouth width: 0.33
Lip height: 0.23



The mouth is the great indicator
of the animal passions. It shows
how far the individual is
governed by the senses, and the
degree of his self-
control.Medium lips:Fairly full
lips show  generosity, ardor,
affection, enthusiasm, quick
temper and activity.
